fix(time-picker): optimization timePicker when outside step (#556)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/time-picker/demos/enUS/step-time.demo.md

# Step Time

> Pass a number as step or use an array to specify the items you want to show, entering values that are outside the set step will display invalid styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass a number as step or use an array to specify the items you want to show, inputing values that don't follow step settings will cause displaying invalid status.
```
